feature: [vt] support json encoding in opentelemery insert (#44)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaTraces: docs/victoriatraces/changelog/CHANGELOG.md

## tip

> * FEATURE: [Single-node VictoriaTraces](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriatraces/) and vtinsert in [VictoriaTraces cluster](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriatraces/cluster/): support json encoding in otel ingestion. See [#44](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaTraces/pull/444) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* FEATURE: [Single-node VictoriaTraces](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriatraces/) and vtinsert in [VictoriaTraces cluster](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriatraces/cluster/): support [JSON Protobuf Encoding](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/specs/otlp/#json-protobuf-encoding) in the the OpenTelemetry Protocol (OTLP) for data ingestion. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaTraces/issues/41) for details. Thanks to @JayiceZ for the [pull request](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaTraces/pull/44) .
```
